fix handling of null fields on put requests in .net management sdk (#523)
okta/okta-sdk-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

Running changelog of releases since `3.1.1`

> ## v5.3.1

Reviewer: This will be a breaking change, so a bump in the major version is required.

> - Add support for null values for User object. Now it's possible to remove for example the second email by setting it to null like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add support for null User object property values. Now it's possible to remove properties, for example, the second email, by setting it to null like the following:
```

```csharp
    userProfile["secondEmail"] = null;
```

> This will be included in a request payload. Previously, all null values were stripped from the payload. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will be included in the request payload. Previously, all null values were stripped from the payload. 
```
